# FOR PERSONAL USE ONLY
+	Data Integrity Not Guaranteed: This project does not provide any guarantees regarding data integrity, correctness, or availability. Use it at your own risk.

+	Do Not Share Generated Files: For security and privacy reasons, avoid sharing files generated by this project, as they may contain sensitive information.

+	Use Responsibly: The project is provided “as is,” and the maintainers are not responsible for any potential data loss, leaks, or unintended consequences.

## What is it
It is a Telegram bot that collects text messages from chats and processes them using ChatGPT.

### Installation

1. **Clone the Repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/horugmax/Summary-bot-tg.git
   cd Summary-bot-tg

2.	Create and Activate a Virtual Environment (Optional but Recommended)

```
python3 -m venv <env_name>
source <env_name>/bin/activate  
```

3.	Install Dependencies
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Configuration

Before running the bot, create a Bot_config.json file in the root directory with the following structure:
```
{
  "phrase": "Provide a concise summary of those messages in a language of original",
  "model": "your-openai-model",         // e.g., "gpt-3.5-turbo"
  "filename": "your-filename",           // Base filename for storing bot data
  "users": [123456789, 987654321],       // List of authorized Telegram user IDs
  "api_id": "your_api_id",
  "api_hash": "your_api_hash",
  "bot_token": "your_bot_token",
  "openai_api_key": "your_openai_api_key"
}
```
### Usage

To start the bot, simply run the main script:
```
python main.py
```
Due to Telegram’s security restrictions, the first launch and registration must be performed from the command line.

### Commands
+	/start - Greets the user and provides basic information about the bot.
+	/register - Registers the user with the bot.
  	Due to Telegram’s security restrictions, the first login must be performed through the command line.
+	/add - Adds a chat to your summary list.
	Usage: Send /add and follow the prompt to specify the chat number.
+	/delete - Deletes a chat from your list.
	Usage: Send /delete and follow the prompt to specify the chat number.
+	/now - Immediately processes messages from your registered chats using ChatGPT.
	Usage: Send /now and follow the prompt to specify the number of hours to parse messages from.
+	/list - Lists all the chats registered to your user account.
+	/list_current - Lists the currently active chats for the user.
+	/id - Returns your Telegram user ID. (insert your user_id to Bot_config.json)
+	/remove - Removes all your information from the bot system.

*It’s spaghetti coded :D*

